Optimize (CQA) - Mng content - Recovering (#4874)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_republishing-content-view-metadata-by-using-cli.adoc

= Republishing content view metadata by using CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Republish content view version metadata when hosts report checksum mismatches, regenerating metadata for repositories that do not use complete mirroring.

Reviewer: I would split this sentence:

```suggestion
Republish content view version metadata when hosts report checksum mismatches.
{Project} will regenerate metadata for repositories that do not use complete mirroring.
```

Maybe add something like "then", "afterwards", or similar to indicate that this is what happens if you perform this procedure. What do you think?

Author: How about:
```suggestion
Republish content view version metadata when hosts report checksum mismatches.
{Project} can regenerate metadata for repositories that do not use complete mirroring.
```

Reviewer: Yes, I like your suggestion.
